docs: restructure duplicated content (#752)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/coding-style/formatting-tools.rst

    combine-as-imports = true
    force-sort-within-sections = true

Linting and formatting rules shall be added step by step when migrating a project to Ruff,
gradually resolving the triggered errors. For more information about configuring Ruff, as

> well as a complete description of the available rules and settings, please refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
well as a complete description of the available rules and settings, see the
```
